hi and welcome to sportsmen Ghirardelli
if you're an outdoor enthusiast if you
enjoy bow hunting fishy watersports
any kind of activity if you want to
share those memories with your friends
if you want to upload them to youtube if
you just want to get a little more
technical in what you're doing and this
is the product for you this is the epic
cam by stealth cam this thing is pretty
remarkable
it weighs two and a half ounces it
measures in at under three inches it
records video it records audio it comes
with everything you need to get started
except the action so you got to supply
that so it does come with the cam epic
am it comes with the batteries for it it
comes with a two gig SD card it will
support up to a four gig SD card it
comes with a mount with two straps that
is going to allow you to strap it to
just about anything your bow stabilizer
your handlebars your helmet just about
anything you want to strap it to you
know the hood of your car it doesn't
matter uh it comes with a shock mount so
when you strap it on and you're bouncing
around on your bike or in your canoe you
know you're not going to you know it's
going to it's going to protect a little
bit it comes with the USB cord it does
come with all the instructions you need
to get started my favorite accessory
though is absolutely the waterproof
housing if you're into watersports into
fishing and you want to take this and
dump it under the water as your as your
real net big fishing this is going to
protect it will protect it down to 20
feet though the unit is water resistant
this makes it waterproof so hey listen
I'm going to show you right now a clip
from stealth cam this is wonder promo
clips and it has Ralph and Vicky's
sensor L in it and they're going to talk
a little bit about stealth cam and then
you can see some action footage so
thanks a lot for stopping by and you
better get this one because it's going
to go pretty quick bye-bye
this little baby right here is gonna
change the way you hunt and you brag to
all your friends
of what they're missing that's right
because you can relive the experience
with time and time again over and over
you set it you shoot it and you share
the footage how cool is this it attaches
to your bowl it'll attach to your hat
whatever you're looking for this is a
complete unit it's the camera audio the
whole nine yards hold up over like two
hundred minutes of AVI files on the SD
card a little SD card that you have for
like your nikon coolpix cameras and all
that this even has a microphone this
thing has it all you attach it to your
bowl you attach it to your arm you
attach to your hat you guys listen to me
you want to share hunting experiences
you know we all y'all want to have that
15 minutes of fame the ethic is giving
it to your time and time again I've
megapixel still photos we are pumped up
and excited about the effort that it
should share it yeah baby
you